PR 8 — Null Safety: Overview, Nullable Value Types, Null Operators (#53509)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/fundamentals/null-safety/nullable-value-types.md

---

> title: "Nullable value types: C# Fundamentals"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Nullable value types in C#"
```

Minor: "Nullable value types in C#" would reflect the pattern of the other article titles in the fundumentals directory such as "Null operators in C#", unless the point is that this particullar article really stands out as some other format or purpose (and perhaps that is your intent, in which case disregard).  H1 would also change to reflect the h1 patterns of the others.

description: Learn how to use nullable value types (T?) in C# to represent value types that can be absent or undefined.
ms.date: 04/30/2026
ms.topic: concept-article
ai-usage: ai-assisted
---

# Nullable value types: C# Fundamentals

> [!TIP]
> This article is part of the **Fundamentals** section for developers who know at least one programming language and are learning C#. If you're new to programming, start with the [Get started](../../tour-of-csharp/tutorials/index.md) tutorials first. For more details, see [Nullable value types](../../language-reference/builtin-types/nullable-value-types.md) in the language reference.

A *nullable value type* `T?` represents all values of its underlying value type `T`, plus an additional `null` value. A variable of type `int?` holds any integer or `null` to represent "no value."

> Value types like `int`, `bool`, and `DateTime` can't hold `null` by default. This behavior is efficient and prevents many errors. However, this limitation creates a problem when a value might genuinely be absent. A common scenario is reading from a database: an integer column might contain a number, or it might contain no value at all (`NULL` in SQL). A plain `int` can't represent that absence, but `int?` can.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Value types such as `int`, `bool`, and `DateTime` can't hold `null` by default. This behavior is efficient and prevents many errors. However, this limitation creates a problem when a value might genuinely be absent. A common scenario is reading from a database: an integer column might contain a number, or it might contain no value at all (`NULL` in SQL). A plain `int` can't represent that absence, but `int?` can.
```
Verrrrry minor item: Since examples are listed here rather than a comparison of items, "such as" works better than "like" I think.
